my recommendation if you're trying to achieve a certain qualification
that is kind of high level is what you're going through the qualification
process just completely immerse yourself in that process really
understand what you're doing read all the references that are associated
with that qualification highlight certain sections that you think
are applicable in that you need to know and that you want to reference
again later in the future take as much notice as you can ask
other people that are already qualified in that what made them successful
and how they got qualified and immerse yourself in that process
and make that kind of your your main focus while you're really trying
to get that qualification